# PowerShell

This repository is mostly for sharing PowerShell scripts to assist with SysAdmin automation. These scripts
are provided to serve as an example for you to modify and suit your own IT automation needs. Please consider thoroughly
testing these scripts before implementing them into production environments.

*** MIT License

# O365-Import
Note: For use with an AD on-prem and O365/Exchnage Hybrid environment. I execute this script with Admin access to
to both Exchange Hybrid Server and ADSync Domain Controller. At the beginning, a window wil pop up to request Office365 credentials but you may have to store a Get-Credential for local PSSessions.

This script is an example for how a small/medium sized company can create and import users into AD and have their email provisioned in Office 365. The following actions are performed:

Prereqs: RSAT ActiveDirectory Module (Powershell), Msol module, Exchange Management Shell Access (Member of Organization Management group).

  1. Users are imported via import_users.csv (firstname, lastname, telephone, alias, is_prem). *** Customizable
  2. Suffucient available O365 licenses are verified as well as if the AD account already exists (Halt or skip logic in place). 
  3. Account credentials are generated by their first and last name. *** Customizable
  4. AD user configuration and group settings assigned. *** Customizable
  5. ADSync is performed to Azure/O365.
  6. Provision Premium or Essentials license. *** Can be customized for Enterprise products
  7. Script sleeps until user is visible in O365.
  8. Create mailbox and email alias if alias available.
  9. Close connections 
  
# OU-SG-Sync

This script mirrors the membership of an Organizational Unit to a Security Group. It can be scheduled to run in Task Scheduler or set to sleep. 
